README.md, before:

# About Me

My name is Mameaw. I will use this to save useful links for me. Product, business, design, development things.

I didn't plan structure of this repo yet, if someone have a good idea please tell me in discussion area.

I plan to use issues to ask me questions and to jot the answer once I figgure it out.


# Useful Link
## Business
[Steve Blank Entrepreneurship and Innovation](https://steveblank.com/)

## Tech
[Implementers, Solvers, and Finders](https://rkoutnik.com/2016/04/21/implementers-solvers-and-finders.html)  
[Agile Modeling](http://agilemodeling.com/)  
[Applied Domain-Driven Design (DDD) by ZAN KAVTASKIN](http://www.zankavtaskin.com/2014/12/applied-domain-driven-design-ddd-part-0.html): start from requirements analysis and teach by example

## Product Management
[RICE Scoring Model](https://www.productplan.com/glossary/rice-scoring-model/): Prioritization framework  
[The Only Product Strategy framework you need !](https://akashmdubey.medium.com/the-only-product-strategy-framework-you-need-5bf64dedef3e)  
[CX/UX Strategy and Experience Design](https://deltacx.com)

## English
[Listen A Minute](https://listenaminute.com/): A minute conversation with exercises  
[BBC 6 Minute English](https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/features/6-minute-english): Realistic conversation with transcript to practice listening skill

## Case Study
[Lucky Iron Fish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJM7Nj1DCwk): Example for Design Thinking Process

## Guide
[Hackathon Guide](https://hackathon.guide/)

## Interview Preparation
[HackerRank Interview Preparation Kits](https://www.hackerrank.com/interview/preparation-kits)  
[System Design Interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUHFg8CZFws) ⭐️  


## Etc
[Color Brewer 2.0](http://colorbrewer2.org)🎨: color for visulization, color for color blind. (originally for maps) 

# 📚 Books
I have read and think it's worth listing

## Design
[Design for Hackers](https://www.amazon.com/Design-Hackers-Reverse-Engineering-Beauty/dp/1119998956)  
[Refactoring UI](https://refactoringui.com/book/): ⭐️ every frontend developer should read this  
[The Design of Everyday Things](https://www.amazon.com/Design-Everyday-Things-Revised-Expanded-ebook/dp/B00E257T6C): basic book introducing what is UX

## Life
[The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up](https://www.amazon.com/Life-Changing-Magic-Tidying-Decluttering-Organizing/dp/1607747308): my closet is clean ever after read this. my room is clean, my life organized  
[How to Be Better at Almost Everything](https://www.amazon.com/How-Be-Better-Almost-Everything/dp/194688541X): teach how to become a generalist

## Software Development
[The Nature of Software Development](https://www.amazon.com/Nature-Software-Development-Simple-Valuable/dp/1941222374): easy to consume, fun to read

## Etc
[คิมจียอง เกิดปี 82](https://www.the101.world/kim-ji-young-born-1982-review/): บอกเล่าความเจ็บปวดของผู้หญิงในสังคมชายเป็นใหญ่

Commit message:

Add The Twelve-Factor App

README.md, after:

# About Me

My name is Mameaw. I use this to save useful links for me. Product, business, design, development things.

I didn't plan structure of this repo yet, if someone have a good idea please tell me in the discussion area.

I plan to use issues to ask me questions and to jot the answer once I figgure it out.


# Useful Link 📌
## Business
[Steve Blank Entrepreneurship and Innovation](https://steveblank.com/)

## Tech 💻
[Implementers, Solvers, and Finders](https://rkoutnik.com/2016/04/21/implementers-solvers-and-finders.html)  
[Agile Modeling](http://agilemodeling.com/)  
[Applied Domain-Driven Design (DDD) by ZAN KAVTASKIN](http://www.zankavtaskin.com/2014/12/applied-domain-driven-design-ddd-part-0.html): start from requirements analysis and teach by example  
[The Twelve-Factor App](https://12factor.net): a methodology for building software-as-a-service apps  

## Product Management
[RICE Scoring Model](https://www.productplan.com/glossary/rice-scoring-model/): Prioritization framework  
[The Only Product Strategy framework you need !](https://akashmdubey.medium.com/the-only-product-strategy-framework-you-need-5bf64dedef3e)  
[CX/UX Strategy and Experience Design](https://deltacx.com)

## English
[Listen A Minute](https://listenaminute.com/): A minute conversation with exercises  
[BBC 6 Minute English](https://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/features/6-minute-english): Realistic conversation with transcript to practice listening skill

## Case Study
[Lucky Iron Fish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJM7Nj1DCwk): Example for Design Thinking Process

## Guide
[Hackathon Guide](https://hackathon.guide/)

## Interview Preparation 🗣
[HackerRank Interview Preparation Kits](https://www.hackerrank.com/interview/preparation-kits)  
[System Design Interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUHFg8CZFws) ⭐️  


## Etc
[Color Brewer 2.0](http://colorbrewer2.org)🎨: color for visulization, color for color blind. (originally for maps) 

# 📚 Books
I have read and think it's worth listing

## Design
[Design for Hackers](https://www.amazon.com/Design-Hackers-Reverse-Engineering-Beauty/dp/1119998956)  
[Refactoring UI](https://refactoringui.com/book/): ⭐️ every frontend developer should read this  
[The Design of Everyday Things](https://www.amazon.com/Design-Everyday-Things-Revised-Expanded-ebook/dp/B00E257T6C): basic book introducing what is UX

## Life
[The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up](https://www.amazon.com/Life-Changing-Magic-Tidying-Decluttering-Organizing/dp/1607747308): my closet is clean ever after read this. my room is clean, my life organized  
[How to Be Better at Almost Everything](https://www.amazon.com/How-Be-Better-Almost-Everything/dp/194688541X): teach how to become a generalist

## Software Development
[The Nature of Software Development](https://www.amazon.com/Nature-Software-Development-Simple-Valuable/dp/1941222374): easy to consume, fun to read

## Etc
[คิมจียอง เกิดปี 82](https://www.the101.world/kim-ji-young-born-1982-review/): บอกเล่าความเจ็บปวดของผู้หญิงในสังคมชายเป็นใหญ่
